+++
title = "Long-Distance Love Chronicles: Effort Trumps Distance"
date = "2023-12-26"
description = "Jules reflects on her past failed long-distance relationship and the misconceptions about distance being the culprit. She shares insights into how consistent effort, such as regular FaceTime calls and organizing thoughtful surprises across a significant time difference, can make a long-distance relationship thrive. The post delves into the randomness of conversations, from freestyle TED talks to love poetry, and explores the dynamics of choosing a life partner with the analogy of selecting cheese. Jules also contemplates the concept of enjoying good things without struggle when her partner spoils her. As she prepares for an unexpected trip to Dubai for the 'new year, new us' Jules grapples with her tendency to get side-tracked when writing. The post concludes with a hint of the potential for future travel content."
tags = [
    "Long-Distance Relationship",
    "Love and Distance",
    "Relationship Challenges",
    "Relationship Insights",
]
+++

I have failed long-distance relationship once and I blamed its distance.(It was only Melbourne-Sydney which is only about 900 km.) I want to touch, smell, and my hair get stroked, and my back be patted but I can’t, how inconvenient! 

However, distance isn't the culprit; effort is the key.

* Facetime regularly after wakeup and before go to bed 2 hours each plus in between work, gym, dinner breaks sometimes. You may wonder what subjects we talk about, it’s so random, from freestyle ted-talk to love poet, from dirty-jokes that make my eyebrows go up to tearing up speech, unlimited possibilities.
* Organise small things from the place where has the 11 hours time difference. Such as — 
    - “New year, new us” trip 
    - Waking up every 2 hours to ensure my existence
    - Ordering shark-board(charcuterie board) for pre-xmas party. 
        — Sometimes L is too nice and proper to me and it makes me think that he’s suss. I could complain about guys I have dated, though, Choosing a life partner mirrors selecting wine or cheese, if not, actually anything. You spend your time and energy for trials and errors to know what you like and you don’t like. You don’t know what’s good or bad unless you have good and bad experiences. To choose a block of COMTE AGED EMMENTHAL, I’ve got to try the public toilet smelled(it says Le Conquérant Camembert on its label.)one at least once so I don’t repeat the same mistake. But because L chose the cheese(and many other things) for me, I feel like I’m cheating these days. Am I okay to enjoy good things without struggle? L said, “I am going to spoil you rotten to death.” 
			— Still, I prefer the home bar over any other fancy, bougie bars because I found out that gin and tonic is delicious because tonic in general has a lot of sugar in it. I don’t know how many bars in Sydney have the zero sugar tonic so I feel better when I add sugar free tonic (It also was a half price at Coles before xmas.)at home, I don’t have to worry about unnecessary calorie intake.

In conclusion(???), long distance relationship can definitely be better than short-distance, or living-together(co-living), or any other relationships actually, if you do well. Any relationships, with effort, surpass others.

My problem is that I always try to write a thing then get side-tracked in random topic and eventually I forget the original topic I was going to write. I’m packing now, I said I am not going to Dubai ever in my life(only a few weeks ago) but I’m at it again. This time, alone, 20 hours, for the "new year new us" trip. I noticed that people write reviews or make v-log their lounge and business class experiences so I might do that too. Although I thought that it’s stupid and unnecessary when I saw the woman(the one I mentioned previously— talk about others 24/7, nothing else because her life is boring and dull) update 100,000 instagram stories for her business class photos. 

Stay tuned for updates, thanks for reading byeee