+++
title = "Jules' Chronicles: No Discrimination, No Judgments, Just a Bit of Fun"
date = "2023-11-13"
description = "Embark on a journey through Jules' blog (https://juleslovesyou.github.io), where authenticity meets humor in the world of sex work. Discover the unique approach of charging the same for everyone and the amusing tales that come with it. Learn why details like background and hygiene are unnecessary worries and explore the playful banter around wealth, success stories, and peculiar inquiries. Delve into the humor-filled guidelines for booking, knowing it's all in good fun. Join the ride for a lighthearted perspective on life, wealth, and personal interactions. Remember, today's post is a joke—read on and enjoy the subtle humor, much like the fragrance of Aesop."
tags = [
    "Hygiene in Adult Services",
    "Judgment-Free Intimacy",
    "Breaking Societal Norms",
    "Assumptions in Sex Work",
    "Sex Work Reality",
    "Judgement-Free Sex Work",
    "Sex Work and Societal Norms",
]
+++

Come on, guys! My blog(https://juleslovesyou.github.io) is up and running with no issues at all.

I charge the same amount of money for the rich and poor, old and young, healthy, unfit, ugly, sexy, crooked, autistic, Mensa member, Cenno beneficiary, etc. So, I don't know why many people tell me where they live, how attractive they are, and what they do for a living because have I asked ever

I think it's possibly because men assume that I choose a customer of the day based on their background and hygiene. But in modern days, there are only a few people who can still be dirty and smelly after showering at least once a day. Also, I have a clean bathroom with Aesop body cleanser, so don't worry about mentioning your hygiene status. But please do something if you have phimosis. I luckily have encountered it only once in my life, and it still haunts me sometimes. Horrendous!

If you can pay $400 for an hour just to spend time with a girl next door, I already think that you are in a pretty comfortable position. So, don't bother thinking that I'll judge you as poor. If you still want to prove your wealth, I have a tip jar on my kitchen top, so maybe you can fill that up with gold coins only.

Not that I don't like listening to your success stories; in fact, I quite enjoy it. But you can tell me when we rest after the business is done. I have several sperm donor candidate numbers saved in my phone based on their resumes and CVs. Handsome, fit, young, wealthy, and smart men! They not only intimate me with a humongous social gap but also make me feel uncomfortable. What do you want me to do? I'm only a sex worker 😭 do you want me to kneel down and kiss your feet when you enter my apartment?? Kek, I'm only joking. You can send me whatever you want; it never bothers me but gives me an idea of writing, so all good. Remember, when inquiring about booking, please provide:

A copy of your ID that shows your name include surname: 
Your status in society: 
Linkdin profile link: 
Annual income after-tax:
Vehicle you drive and its year:
Perfume you wear:
Watch(es):
Whether you can offer me a job opportunity: not the secretary that give you head while you're on business golf meeting
Relationship Status: remember that the majority of customers are not single, so don't ever feel guilty because without you guys 😭 how can I pay my bills
Fitness club membership status: 
Deadlift, how many KGs can you do:
Any things you can offer other than money: investment advice that I'll never listen carefully or teach me some skills, eg: how to fish or a staff discount?
You bald? yes/no/in progress/rather not to say

Today's post is only a joke okay, don't get butthurt. You know why I like Aesop so much? Because it's never overpowering, yet it lasts long so subtle. I want to be a human-being like that.
