+++
title = "Illegal Cat Breeder @Rhodes"
date = "2023-09-23"
description = "Join me on a journey through my week in Rhodes, from booking a room with an illegal cat breeder to navigating the world of online advertising on E&B. Discover the highs and lows, from meeting interesting individuals to facing the occasional time-waster. Explore the balance between work and personal pursuits, as I share dreams of serving only those who truly connect with me. Delve into the unexpected joys and challenges of sex work, from humorous conversations to contemplative moments. Uncover my wishes and aspirations, from household items like shelving units to personal goals like coloring my hair. Follow my weekly updates every Sunday as I navigate the unique landscape of life and work."
tags = [
    "Sex Work Realities",
    "Escort Life Chronicles",
    "Sex Work and Personal Growth",
]
+++

Last November, out of boredom and a desire to buy a Rocket Apartmento espresso machine, I booked a room in Rhodes. The guy who was renting the place at that time is an illegal cat breeder. I don’t know if there are any laws for breeding cats, but anyway, he always had more than 10 cats, and it didn't smell very pleasant. Cats aside, business wasn't that bad, and I wanted to continue working occasionally, but the room was never available again. I know some girls book that place for a week to a month, so a day booking isn't very important for him anyway. Whether I make a thousand dollars a day or a thousand dollars a week, I survive, so no worries. I couldn't buy a Rocket Apartmento but got a Breville for under $500 instead. It does its job, even though it's not as cool as the Rocket Apartmento.

I've been advertising on E&B for more than a week now, spending an hour or two daily. I've met 10 guys, and got door-dashed twice 😭. Seriously though, I acknowledge that I'm not everyone's cuppa tea, but what do you expect from my display photos? But anyway, no hard feelings when you leave; it happens. It's still better than no-shows. So, 10 guys minus 2 guys (door-dashed), = 8 guys I actually served, and 4 of them are revisiting guys, so at the end of the day, not bad, huh? My dream one day is to serve only guys with whom I feel comfortable, without advertising, so I can avoid all the time-wasters and free-talkers. I don't mind talking shit, and to be honest, I like it; it's just so much fun. But the majority of too much talkers on the internet are too horny to carry on A conversation. I'd have trolled back and forth if it were a few years back, but I can't be bothered anymore. Topics like "Sex in the park" made me giggle, though, not gonna lie.

Sometimes... I think a lot of guys have a lot of time on their hands but not much to do in their lives, so they wake up and decide to send weird messages to sex workers. I sincerely hope that they find some hobbies; I have too many, and my day is just too short!

I thought sex work this time could be just some extra money besides my taxable 😭 income, but once I got cash in my hands, I only went to work for A DAY last week!!! On other days, I shopped, cooked, explored, slept, just bludging around… I could be a better human.



I may fail again to get a Dyson robot vacuum like the Rocket Apartmento, but it's okay; the V15 still does its job. These are my other wishes:

- Shelving units (to organize tons of things and grow some hydroponic veggies)

- A bed frame (because the current one isn't built for sex work, I feel like)

- I want to colour my hair 🍊, and visit my parents ahhhhhhhuhuoqshdaosdhoas.



I'll try to update on every Sunday. thank you for reading my blog byeee