+++
title = "Navigating the Challenges: A Candid Reflection on E&B and the PMS Struggle"
date = "2023-10-06"
description = "Dive into the struggles and candid musings of a woman navigating the world of occasional work on E&B. Discover the challenges faced by those who don't advertise 24/7 and the search for innovative platforms. Join a hurriedly written account delving into the chaotic headspace influenced by hormonal fluctuations. Explore the raw and unfiltered experiences of being a woman, from the physical challenges like breakouts and bloating to the mental toll of body dysmorphia and heightened sensitivity. (*Trigger Warning: Honest discussion ahead.) Gain insight into the author's coping mechanisms and the unique perspective on the nature of aging and hormonal changes. An authentic narrative that sheds light on the unspoken aspects of womanhood."
tags = [
    "Escorting Challenges",
    "Occasional Escorting",
    "Life Before Period",
    "Escorting Reality",
    "Hormonal Turmoil",
    "Body Dysmorphia",
    "Hormonal Imbalance"
]
+++

It is unfortunate that E&B charges me the same amount of money as someone who advertises 7 days a week. It's not the most efficient platform for those who only work occasionally. I'd be wasting someone else's time, and I wouldn't gain anything by keeping my ad on 24/7, so I don't see the point. Anyway, it's only $20 a week, so no hard feelings! I've been searching for a new platform with innovative ideas for several years now but haven't had any luck.

I'm writing in a hurry before my profile goes down. It's easier to write when I have specific things in my head, but for the past few days, my headspace hasn't been very organized, and I blame it on hormones.

Being a woman is hard. From mowing armpits, legs, and private parts to maintaining clean nails, eyelashes, and a good smell... and what about that time of the month? The worst part isn't even the bleeding every month; that's only 5 days a month. The worst thing that can happen to a woman is the 2 weeks right before her actual period.

(*trigger warning: ⚠️ the following paragraph may sound like complaining girlfriend. Some people may find disturbing, so you can skip this part if you prefer.)

Physically, I felt like an ogre because:

- I have some breakouts around my lips and chin.
- I felt bloated; in other words, I looked fat. To add to that, I was constantly hungry and craving sugar, which was directly related to the inflammation (resulting in breakouts and chronic hip pain).
- Eczema flared up in random parts of my body for reasons I couldn't fathom. The immune department goes on strike or something
- I had migraines, insomnia, and a UTI...

Mentally:

- I struggled with body dysmorphia. I wanted to smash the mirror when I saw all those physical attributes I mentioned earlier. I couldn't help but hate myself even more.
- I felt hyperneurotic, sensitive, and judgmental due to overthinking. I think all my cardio consists of either sex or overthinking.

It's getting worse with age. I don't know whether it's nature's punishment for not breeding even though I'm fertile, or if I just recognize it better now than ever because it's been like this for ages. FYI, google "Korea birth rate 2023" I find it hilarious.

Don't worry though; my cycle is pretty accurate, with a margin of error of +-2 days, and I'll forget everything I was anxious about as soon as I start to bleed. Don't forget to follow and hit the subscribe button on juleslovesyou.github.io 😂 byeee