+++
title = "Cravings, Confessions, and Culinary Adventures: A Slice of Life"
date = "2023-11-08"
description = "Delve into the intimate reflections of a writer grappling with the desire to share more while balancing the fear of losing interest. From exploring deep emotions to the quest for love, follow the journey of someone seeking fulfillment beyond the ordinary. Uncover the revelation of saving $100,000, pondering the dynamics of desire, and the yearning for genuine connection. Experience the unique storytelling style that goes from raw confessions to culinary escapades, featuring a delightful forequarter cutlet experiment that evolved into a savory, simmered masterpiece. Engage in a narrative that's as diverse as life itself."
tags = [
    "Cravings and Desires",
    "Unfiltered Thoughts",
    "Culinary Creativity",
    "Forequarter Cutlet",
    "Quirky Desires",
    "Creative Cooking",
]
+++

People tell me to write more but I don't have much things to offer. I in fact write a lot more than I post for example: forequater cutlet, but I know this is not what people expect from me. I used to write about my daddy issues, the relationship struggles and such but who wants to know someone's darkside when everyone has a problem or two day to day. I don't want to give the impression of whinging girlfriend or wife.

Today I realized that it's SuperDuper doable to save $100,000. It's only 250 customers. If I see 5 customers a day, it takes only 50 days. Will I ever be able to achieve this? No. 

I want someone loves me so bad like van Gogh cut his ear for his favourite hooker. I want to be wanted. Being demanded feels so good and That is why maybe I am happy to see a customer a day. It feels much better when I get a lot of messages and choose one carefully than waiting 8 hours hoping that people to message me and eventually i get 5 or 6 customers, at max. Maybe this is why I am annoyed when I get 'are you available' message because then I know, he has too much options. I even want to see some mild desperation and struggle, but not tooooo much because then you look like you have nothing to do.

Okay enough for today. if I write too much then you'd probably lose interest in me, which I'm scared of the most. 
I got 3 breakouts near my mouth and that means I'm pretty close to my monthly. More excuses for not working and making thirsty man gets thirstier!!!

Thanks for reading, oh this is the forequater cutlet:

Last night, I had a strong craving for pork ribs. It's unusual for me to crave a specific dish because, typically, I view food as a means to fill the hunger. This particular craving felt somewhat manic, especially since I've rarely desired not only food but any, lately. 

I hurried to Coles, but the butcher had already closed since it was close to closing time. I sadly gazed at the closed butchery showcase, longing for those ribs. I even told my dog that I would get pork ribs, and he could have some too. I felt disappointed at the thought of letting him down. With a heavy heart, I turned my attention to the pork section. I decided to grab a forequarter cutlet because it had bones and seemed to have a good distribution of fat. It was somewhat similar to pork ribs but in a flat, wide shape. I didn't even bother checking the package to see what part of the meat it was.

When I returned home and placed my purchases in the fridge, I noticed that I had bought an interesting tofu, which was in a jar (usually, it comes in a plastic square container). I had purchased it on a hot day and had carried it around for a few hours, so I was concerned it might go bad soon. I opened the jar and gave it a sniff, and it still seemed okay. It was tofu, but I couldn't help but wonder why it was in a jar. It looked almost like biji (Korean bean curd), the main ingredient for my favourite Korean dishes. At this point, I had forgotten my initial craving, and I also had some of my favourite kimchi, so I decided to attempt making kimchi biji stew with the ingredients I had.

The package of the forequarter cutlet mentioned that it was intended for BBQ and grilling, but I didn't care at this point. I decided to throw everything into the pot and hoped for the best. Rendering the fat and dealing with the bones proved to be a challenge, and after an hour of cooking,
it still tasted like a kimchi puddle where the pig had briefly dipped its feet. Nevertheless, I trusted in the power of pork bones and continued to simmer, hoping it would eventually transform into a thick, creamy, nutritious, and hearty base, reminiscent of Japanese donkotsu or Korean gamjatang. I simmered it for a total of 4 hours, and the soup indeed became thicker and milkier. Now, it tasted delicious.