+++
title = "Musings and Manicures: From Afterpay to Hendrick’s Gin Adventures"
date = "2023-12-19"
description = "Join me in this eclectic blog post journey as I share the latest updates on my life, ranging from achieving Mint™️ level with Afterpay to the surprising world of Hendrick’s Gin. Discover the joy of typing with annoyingly long nails and the dangers of delayed payments. Get an honest taste review of Hendrick’s Gin, from its misleading bottle design to its enchanting and refreshing flavors. Dive into the contemplations of adulthood, pregnancy concerns, and the intricacies of the blogging world. Explore the thin line between calmness and sadness, learn about Korean blogging culture, and follow my musings on the endless possibilities in the adult industry. As I bid farewell to certain endeavors, I remain hopeful and explore the vast opportunities that lie ahead."
tags = [
    "Afterpay Adventures",
    "Hendrick’s Gin Review",
    "Adulting Woes",
    "Pregnancy Thoughts",
    "Korean Blogging Culture",
    "Blogger Life",
]
+++

I'm trying to write as much as possible while I can. I got my nails done in Korea, and it’s a bit annoying to type because they're too long, but okay.

Afterpay got me promoted to Mint™️ level, and now I don’t even have to pay upfront. The first payment goes through two weeks later, and it’s very much so dangerous. Now my total owing is $1988.55, 5 jobs to go! (in 60 days though) Fighting me!

I am upset about Hendrick’s gin marketing and its design team. The bottle gives me an impression of a secret old medicine stolen from a hermit’s cave vibe, but it actually tastes like a fairy’s drink, and that fairy lives in a clean air conditioner in a modern apartment. It’s refreshing, summer-y, delicate, polished. It’s so pretty too; you may wonder how a liquor can be pretty to ugly, but think about warm beer. It’s so clear and slightly thicker than water, so you can see it swirls when you spin your ice cubes. Pouring tonic releases small tiny bubbles, and it looks kinda cute too. Bubble is bubbling. Putting strawberry or cucumber makes color changes to some degree, and I think I like this way the most. It’s just a piece of art! A noob alcohol-er like me would never know how good Hendrick’s can be because I only bought Yukiyo and Malfy due to their cuteness. They are not bad, but they have significant flavors whereas Hendrick’s is more mysterious and garden-y. The other day, L made a color-changing magical gin-tonic with Ink; it looks incredible before it changes color like Na’vi's (from Avatar) cum. There are too many types of gin and many more types of tonic, so I’m excited about it. It changes taste and looks depending on how you mix and match, like an adult version of milk-tea. Choose your base, choose your topping, sugar, and ice level… A little bit of alcohol calms me down too, but I think there is a thin line between calm-down and be sad. Learning to acknowledge where the line is. Drinking alone, in fact, is good; you are sad if you can’t do certain things alone.

One day when I’m finally pregnant with triplets - because I don’t want to labor three times and lose my hair, be half-bald, fat, and swollen for a total of 27 months. According to researchers, it is okay (or better) to sex regularly during pregnancy, so one of my worries; no sex for 27 months. Is gone but still, I’ll lose my youthful sexy combined with cuteness look, and I’ll have to work hard recovering from it. I always want the greatest outcome with such minimal effort. As a consequence, things never worked out. Anyway, when I finally have three in my womb, or most likely before that, possibly anytime soon, I can’t sex for a living.

You know in Korea, it’s not uncommon for jobless moms (full-time housewives) to live off their blog posts, specifically, reviews? They start as hobbyists, and as the follower grows, they become a full-time blogger (or salesperson because they end up selling something always). They review or sell everything from restaurants, cafes to kitchen gadgets, cosmetic surgery. I find that funny considering how they come to a venue and say, “I’m a power blogger” (Korean way of saying ‘influencer’) and expect special (or better) treatment, etc., but they are doing better than me, don’t they? We write the same, but some make money and some, like me, can’t. Well, technically, I do because I entertain you horny men and potentially make you come and cum too.

Even though I’m leaving you deeks, I maintain my hope in this industry and the business. It’s an inexhaustible bag of gold, spring water that never runs dry. I don’t have to sell my service(pu$$y) but many other ways to create value. For example, promote others’ service(pu$$y), rent a room for service(pu$$y), helping consumers to get better service(pu$$y), or why not all or more, possibilities are unlimited. Last few years I’ve been struggling with my thoughts between I want to change the scene vs I hate the scene vs but it’s good money if I do good vs why don’t they already doing it if it’s good money vs but if I can choose between a writer versus an entrepreneur, I’d choose to be a writer because it’s cooler vs but with all that money I can be coolerer… 

I might stop writing here; my elbows hurt uwu.