+++
title = "Unexpected Encounters, Honest Reviews, and Reflections on Family"
date = "2023-12-17"
description = "Jules shares intriguing tales from her recent experiences, including a surprising encounter with a guy in a pharmacist costume and a candid response to an honest review. The blog touches on Jules' humorous tendency to jokingly reference her broken family and the emotional conversation with her mother about it. As she announces her upcoming overseas trip, readers are invited to join her for some adventures before the year ends. A mix of humor, candid reflections, and announcements, offering a glimpse into Jules' unique and unfiltered perspective on life."
tags = [
    "Broken Family Dynamics",
    "Family Challenges",
    "Accepting Criticism",
    "Autistic Parenting",
    "Personal Blogging",
    "Sex Work Realities",
]
+++

Last month, just before the holiday, there was a guy who came in a pharmacist costume. I opened the door, he entered, and he said he would leave because I am different from his expectation. But seriously, is your false fantasy my fault? I explained that I only book one customer a day, so he has to pay for wasting my time. Initially, he refused, but eventually, he paid $100. Hmm… I can only guess; perhaps he didn't want to engage because I was taller than him, and it was intimidating, or maybe I wasn't as attractive as he imagined. To be honest, I don't know. Door-dashes still upset me, and I wish him sixth-degree whole-body burns and a one-way ticket to hell.

My blog gets 50-60 visitors daily, and all of a sudden, it hit nearly 300 last week (or around 10 days ago; I forgot). I wasn't even in Sydney, Australia. Thanks to a guy named Greg and his devoted mention of my blog and appearance as "she's your Asian girl-next-door, which you might walk by without noticing"! Though I still feel uncomfortable being judged or criticized for my performance, I have to admit that his review was based on facts. The sex was boring and mundane. I said no to 69 (cos my elbows hurt uwu). Not gonna lie, that was so unprofessional of Jules. I give Greg's review (on me) a 1 out of 5 only because I don't like receiving a bad review, but I appreciate his honesty. If I were to write a review of anything, I would be like Greg. Such a great reviewer.

I unknowingly and jokingly mention "broken family" a lot. Whenever someone accuses me of anything, I half-jokingly say, "cos I’m from a broken family uwu" or "my mum cheated on my dad, so I’m a degenerate" or "no father figure for 20 years, so go figure." During this visit, my mum brought it up that I overuse these and it hurts her. She even compared me to her current partner’s kids, questioning why I'm a failure while they are well-grown, independent, responsible, delightful taxpayers, despite all of us being from broken families. She said she tried her best to raise me alone (with her uncountable ex-boyfriends' mental support and my dad’s financial support), so it’s not fair for her if I'm being degenerate and blaming my parents for it. I had a lot to say, but I kept quiet and said, "yes, ma’am." I think I’m mature now, or maybe I'm just too tired to fight her or partly agree with what she said. Like how I hate Greg’s review, but from Greg’s point of view, it's all a true story, and you know, I am sowwy!

This was the first trip that my mum and I did not argue, and I think we are both trying and improving. She said she’s proud of me for being only this much degenerate despite being born between an autistic dad and a neurotic herself.

Announcement: I'm going overseas again from the 28th, so let’s sin before we get a year older. This year, I am already on the naughty list, BUT I'll be on the "nice" from next year, okay
Xmas: working
Xmas eve: working

Thanks for reading, bye.