{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red199\green203\blue211;\red52\green54\blue66;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red23\green23\blue25;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c81961\c83529\c85882;\cssrgb\c26667\c27451\c32941;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c11765\c12157\c12941;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Here's my second-week review at MQPK, and I'm back a bit earlier than I announced because Thursday was my last working day for this week. I'm enjoying the long weekend doing things I love, I always say, "Get a hobby (or hobbies); there are much more fun things to do than just having seggs.\'94\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 During the first week, I had the audacity to leave my ad on longer than my work hours, which led to being bombarded by "Are you available?" messages. I totally forgot! I used to help some girls get bookings during the COVID lockdown, so how could I forget those "Are you available?" "Location?" or "Price?" messages, and even "Do you anal, babe?\'94\'85 \
\
This week, I've only made my ad visible a few hours before my working hours, but somehow, I still receive \'93Natural sex?\'94 messages at 2 am.\
\
I don't blame people who constantly send messages like "Are you free now?" or "Where are you located?" because, think about it, they are horny, can't think or read properly, but still want to spend their hard-earned money wisely without getting scammed. So, their best shot is to send messages to as many service providers as possible and, after profound consideration, choose the one carefully based on their attitude (how they react to these messages), location, prices, and so on. Some might never find the right one but keep searching.\
\
But here's the business secret: everything is actually written. If they didn't scroll down too quickly to just get the number to send a "How much?" message, there's everything from "quick facts," "availability," "location," to "rates." Some diligent girls (not me) even highlight and emphasise more about their work ethics and such in the "About Me" section. So, I don't know whether it's the website's UX design failure or just the nature of horny men. But again, I don't blame you. I'm even trying to understand how you feel when you send \'93anal?\'94 to me. My intention in writing this is not to discourage or intimidate you from sending messages to me.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The recent study indicates that individuals who can read and comprehend basic information are more likely to be good customers (citation: me, I'm the researcher). I'm sowwy if I've ignored your messages even if you're a nice person and exercise common sense. It's just that I have so many things to do, like thinking about the Roman Empire. Have you seen the recent meme about guys and the Roman Empire? When I saw it, I had a really hard time not taking it personally because I think about it 24/7 too. I think it's because I'm amazed by the world we're living in every second and often tend to compare it to the time when there was nothing but guys being fed grapes and fanned by beautiful women. Everything is high-tech now; Photoshop AI is incredible, what about ChatGPT writes a 3000-word essay in a second, and Sportify recommends amazing songs and none of them I dislike! It\'92s just so convenient, and it makes people lazy like they don\'92t even read!!!!!\
\
Now, considering the past, I wonder, would I have been able to be a service provider during ancient Greek or Roman Empire times? I'm not exceptionally beautiful or a K-pop goddess, so I must appreciate this high-tech era. It seems that some people are attracted to intricate mind and coiled brain. Maybe they're drawn out of curiosity, much like how you might visit a zoo, a botanic garden, or watch a National Geographic documentary to see exotic animals and plants. Either way It\'92s good for me.\
\
Enjoy your long weekend! Go out, 
\fs34 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 \'a0get\'a0some\'a0fresh\'a0air.\'a0
\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'85 skip seggs for a bit it feels great.\
I\'92ll type more when I\'92m free, byeeeweee\
}